# Artist Statement

My theme is "Your Health in your Hands: Future Personalised Medical Technologies for a Sustainable and Effective Healthcare". I simulate one day of the doctor to let viewer be the doctor making decisions for different patients. There are two doors in my design: one is universal medical room in wich patients will be given the same medicine although their deseases are so different; another is personalized medical room in which patients will be treated more professionally(gene therapy). Of course, the treatments are more complex and detailed in real life and I just simplify them to compare these two different treatments.

There are some fectors that affect the choice of treatment. Such as the type of deseases, the economic conditions of the patients, treatment time and outcome. I set up 5 patients with two types of diseases: one is simple -- headache and another is difficult -- cancer. What's more, the economic conditions of them are different. Some are poor but some are rich. Because we should consider the cost of treatments. Different treatments has different treatment time and outcome.

After making decisions for these five patients, I want to make the viewer think about that which way is better. Maybe the viewer will think the universal medical is best to some extent but the personalized medical is better sometimes. For simple deseases, the universal medical care is more effective and cheap. For  difficult diseases, the personalized medical care is more effective and has a greater possibility of cure but too expensive with long time to be treated. In my opinion, non-personalised and personalised medical care are both exist in the future for a sustainable and effective healthcare.

I try to make the viewer know that personalised medical care is not as simple as imaged, which means there are so many aspects should be considered. And I want scientist viewer to improve technologies to cut the cost of personalised medical care because personalised medical care are so great except expensive cost.

I also do some things to make my artwork more interesting. In the conversation scenes, if viewer move the mouse to the door it can be discovered that the cursor will change to a hand, which means that the door can be pushed if click. But I also set up the door can not be pushed sometimes because the patient has no money to pay for the expensive treatment fee. In addition, the cursor is a hand towards up in the universal medical room. This indicates that the viewer needs to grab the medicine bottle and give it to the patient.
